hey there friends how's it going my name
is kevin and this video is sponsored by
dragon raja which is a triple a quality
console game in your pocket it's
optimized and adapted to provide a
superior gaming experience on your phone
using the latest technology of unreal
engine 4. it has a crazy immersive
environment for example little touches
like standing the street causes traffic
jams slippery streets and snowy nights
can cause spills and your mood matters
your character can get cold hungry happy
upset and these moods impact your
performance in and out of fights there
are lots of different fun and real
interactions that are waiting for you to
try in game realistic climate changes
and seasonal cycles architecture styles
and scenes from all over the world it
has a fantastic character creator which
if you watch my videos is very important
to me also a new unique class is
available for the first time this month
the fighter can combine your fighting
skills to create new ones and also
summon a personal robot player housing
is also a new feature in dragon raja
unless you create and customize your
home like you would an avatar and
another thing i love is your choices
affect how the story unfolds which is
always fun there's also a career system
you can become a famous chef or powerful
movie star as long as it's not a
youtuber i'm sure anything would be fun
if you want to check it out the link
will be in the description thank you
very much to dragon raja for sponsoring
the video it helps me out a whole bunch
and thank you very much for watching as
well and without further ado
i hope you enjoy the video
hello friends how's it going my name is
kevin and today we're doing something a
little bit different you see before this
whole lockdown thing i used to get
together and play board games with
friends pretty often and i really really
enjoyed it and it's left a void in my in
my life to be honest now i don't have
any friends to play with but i figured
why not play some board games by myself
wow that's probably the most depressing
thing i've ever said so i figured a good
one to play by myself would be the game
of life
to see where it all went wrong what led
me to this
so we got kevin here kevin here and
kevin there we're gonna play three
pieces and i'm thinking surely one out
of three has got to be a good life all
right first we gotta roll to see who
goes first
all right that's nine for me six for me
and five for me yes i go first i'm gonna
start off by going to college five let's
see one two three four five lose next
turn well [__] i'm already losing but
that means i'm also winning
oh i'm a weird man
oh wait i forgot they need to get uh
jobs now okay they they each get a
career card so you are a salesperson
congratulations and you are a teacher no
you can't be a teacher you don't have a
degree that goes back in you're a travel
agent ooh
you get paid ninety thousand well why
the fact that i bothered going into
college wait wait but that's also me i
mean yes
this is confusing and you get 20k okay
something is wrong there alright so blue
kevin gets a payday of 20k one okay
they're just [__] following each
other and you get [__] 90k or i get
90k god damn it this is difficult oh
wait no i skipped my turn which means
it's my turn so kevin you take the seven
a skiing accident god that's fitting
given you're a travel agent but you get
paid i am not going to be able to keep
on top of this christ almighty it's
already getting very confusing i don't
know why this is actually kind of
interesting i didn't expect it to be
which is not a good thing to be saying
about a video you're making for hundreds
of thousands of people oh god that's
scary but what i mean about it being
surprisingly interesting is that i don't
like red kevin even though that's me i
don't want him to win i hate him white
kevin is the best oh no like not in a
race way like just color
i'm gonna stop talking i have to go
minus 40k here as well because i went to
college which was [__] stupid it's
probably the most relatable thing i've
ever said for most of you look at him
getting married smug bastard
i hate him and here's your [__]
payday while you're at it he's loaded
it's not fair wait i'm loaded this is
great okay finally i get my job along
with my other personalities getting
their jobs i i don't know anymore so
since i went to college i get to draw
three of these and three salaries and
pick whichever one i want i think i'm
gonna take the biggest salary i'm quite
selfish like that i'm greedy i wanna be
a
superstar lose next turn facts sake
at least i get my payday of 80k you know
what i'll wipe my debt immediately like
is it just me or do we all hate red
kevin he's sitting over there with his
smug face up
living in that lovely cul-de-sac move
across country pay 10k oh and because he
landed on one that has this little
symbol the 10k that he has to pay goes
to blue kevin he's earned that jesus
he's such a straight age he landed on
say no to drugs and now he's on don't
drink and drive oh he's such a loser
i'm kidding please don't don't do those
things they're bad all right i'm a role
model white kevin is the best all right
white kevin is getting married this is
his wife
she's scoliosis another payday for
[__] red i don't know why i hate him
so much like it is me i am all of these
players i should be happy i'm winning
and i'm getting a house first fantastic
please be cheap i honestly getting
expensive house in this game seems just
pointless to me 80k all right that's not
too bad but i can't afford it oh wait no
i passed payday my payday is 80k okay
great then free house and a baby boy god
that seems irresponsible since i don't
really have the money for this and my
wife is scoliosis it's going to be hard
on her wedding reception pay 10k i'm
sorry blue me you uh
i don't deserve this
i want blue me to do well i feel like
he's a trier god bless him i want white
me to win and i want red meat to die
in an automobile accident attend the
hollywood premiere oh i don't have to
pay it because i'm attending my own
premiere god i'm a narcissist but it
feels good die die die die die feels
good and in fact i'm gonna buy a stock
with my money i have like no money i
don't care i'm buying a stock and now
anytime the number nine comes up i get
10k oh and i passed my payday as well so
i get 80 grand this is good actually
this this is nice buy furniture pay 10k
oh god it sucks being blue i can see why
he's so blue all the time when he has to
keep paying for all this [__] oh and i
just realized it's a salesperson one so
that doesn't go to the bank it goes to
the villain red kevin are you invested
yet because i'm really invested like way
more than i thought i'd be all right red
you're getting a house i hope you get
something expensive because i think in a
newer game you can make money on houses
but this is the very old one and it
doesn't actually do anything for you god
damn it he got one of the cheapest ones
and it's actually oh okay i was gonna
say um
it's actually kind of nice but no it's
split in half from an earthquake i don't
know if you'll be able to get insurance
on that bad boy like it says 10k
all right i'm gonna try and play it fair
if i were him i would buy insurance on
that because it's so cheap so that's
integrity for you wait they passed two
paydays as did i i did oh my god i suck
at being the banker one house is blue
getting let's take a look 100k for a
country cottage i mean it's nice but i
just really have the cash for this to be
honest with you it gets a salary of 20.
i don't know why i call him he it is me
i'm honestly just getting very confused
by this whole thing all right i'm going
to put in my 50 that i have there keep
five and then take out a bank loan of
60 i guess the bank loans you can take
out of bangalore under 20 and you have
to pay 25 back i too but i get to choose
my way no not a hope am i putting my
money into red kevin's pockets i'll pay
it in medical bills thank you very much
oh my god he used to pay 20k this isn't
fair like that's his whole payday from
there is to pay
i'm getting screwed but i'm also doing
really well at the same time trade
salary card with any player yes blue
you're trading it with red screw him get
[__] he had a comment the bastard tree
falls on house pay 15k in short but he
bought insurance bastard he's always one
step ahead
oh god blue's having a baby yeah not
sure if that's responsible you're not
doing the best actually no you just went
from 20 to 90k blue kevin you're doing
well for yourself you have multiple kids
keep spitting them out for all i care
you're financially secure even though in
this world your paycheck can change
at any second okay i think as blue kevin
i'm gonna pay off my bank loan so i owe
75k for that good move me and you know
what i'll [__] ensure my gaff too who
knows what's going on at this point i
actually don't know who's winning i'm
pretty sure it's red kevin yeah he's got
four life cards and he's got a [__] ton
of money just realized i landed on a
nine there as well so i get my 10k
pretty sure i've missed out on that
multiple times by now it's just hard to
keep track of everything tree falls on
house oh god blue landed on it too but i
just got him insurance phew i almost got
screwed taxes due for red but he just
lost his high paying job so he doesn't
even have to pay that much which is good
i think from for me is it bad i don't
know anymore i i don't know what i'm
doing like rooting for me and against me
i don't i don't know
affects sake blue look you still have a
chance don't get angry i think blue me
is gonna buy car insurance too i seem
like a responsible person when i'm blue
i got my head screwed on right you know
and i'm blue wind beautiful baby contest
dude you don't have a baby where did you
get the baby from red kevin is a villain
he's up to some shady [__] paid 25k for
an african safari but you're the travel
agent so you don't pay it but we're very
much in line with each other blue was
behind for ages but get some high rolls
here which i like to see right best
seller what why i guess they're a sales
person maybe it's something to do with
the property they bought maybe they
fixed it up i don't know but either way
they get eighty thousand dollars it's
honestly so difficult to not
call them day like it's me
it's just weird i i can't get my head
around it stock market slumps return one
stock feck off oh there it goes my 50k i
spent taxes due off fact at least you
get your payday give to art institute
pay 25 and you collect how much 20. so
you get 15. i'm positive i've made
multiple banking errors at some point
like i think i'm doing all right but
it's just gotta have happened it does
get a bit overwhelming when you're
trying to keep track of three accounts
that are all yours daycare pay five per
child
can you give me a discount my wife is
scoliosis oh god what's this burglar pay
50k if not in short well blue is always
prepared level-headed blue back at it
again with the insurance you know
everything is going so right for blue
i'm starting to dislike him by which i
mean me but i disliked me way before i
started playing this game so maybe i'm
already there i'm not sure trade salary
carried with any player i just got well
probably gonna want revenge on blue i
guess as lovable as bloomy is
probably swap that back i like blue
again now i just like an underdog two
paydays for me not that that clarifies
anything for you it's a confusing
statement nine if only i had my [__]
stock i was stolen off me now for feck's
sake blue you used to be sensible now
you're buying a sailboat really like
you're back down to 20k salary you can't
be doing this you've gotten used to the
high roller lifestyle you just got a
payday but we still have to pay out more
because of your reckless spending and
what's worse is we got to give it to red
kevin over there who's already loaded he
is the one percent i'm sick of the one
percent in this game of life even though
really it's i'm sick of the 33
help of the homeless look at him he's
probably recording and posting it to
youtube as well he never does anything
good unless there's something in it for
him win nobel peace prize i deserve this
what have i done i guess i am a
superstar i do deserve this screw the
scientists and all the people making the
world a better place i wrote a nice song
that goes like
produce rock video wait how much 100k oh
my god blue you're going off the rails
you're having a midlife crisis and
what's better is that goes straight to
me the superstar sucks to be me for
landing on it but it's great to be me
that it has to be paid to me finally
fred is actually losing some my money i
i don't know have tattoos removed oh
sorry have tattoos removed pay 100 000
okay he snapped out of his midlife
crisis but still is paying so much money
i wonder what his tattoo would have been
i'm gonna look in components whatever i
find first rpg kit this this is what his
tattoo was yeah i can see why he got it
removed
i'm gonna leave it over with him as a
reminder hey 50k per child can i have a
discount my wife is scoliosis like sir
that's not a thing stop asking for it
hired jockey for your racehorse paid 65
god damn it or good i i don't know i
don't know who i'm rooting for anymore
kind of back on blue's side because he's
making such foolish choices and it's
just like blue kevin just needs a break
trade salary with any pla it's kind of
useless now but uh take it from me i
guess take a hike red we're all sick
here but i'm amazed by how close we are
or how
close i am to me i i don't know dude i
still haven't grasped this even though
we're coming right around the bend to
the end you're a grandparent how are you
doing this [__] you have no kids i don't
understand how many kids you've stolen
winning baby beauty contest and becoming
a grandparent i don't get it i've just
realized i've not collected any of these
paydays for any of us so let me sort
this out real quick
there you go split kevin there's your
60k year old for the three paydays don't
be getting any cyclops tattoos please
spin again if not in the lead good job
blue good job eight i think you're
straight into retirement yes you are
retiring okay so this is how it works at
the end you either go to the millionaire
one if you think you have the most cash
or if you don't you go to country acres
if you do in fact have the most cash if
you go into this one you get these four
lifetimes which have bonuses if you go
into this one you just pick up one it's
pretty obvious that blue does not have
the most money it's the right call red
is going in there pretty confident in
myself that i have the most money that's
true no matter what i definitely have
the most money pension collect 20 000
times this ah well it's still 60k i
guess it just wasn't a very high roll
wait six hold on a second oh no okay now
they they still have the most money i
think yeah it was actually close enough
it's between red and white i think you
know blue is a lot of life cards which
gets you extra money i don't know it's
all up for grabs white is now retiring
ah i i don't think i can beat them so
i'm i'm just going to go into this one
the the modest retirement home and take
my one card okay and red gets these four
cards okay so now i have to add up all
the money and see see where we stand
wait one second i'm gonna need something
for this uh there you go accountant i'm
gonna need this
for a second to be able to add this up
i'll just put it at the bottom of my
screen there i'm gonna try and change it
all into a hundreds just to make it easy
on myself wait
how much oh my god wait i had so much
money under here for [__] sake i
should have gone to the other place i
stacked things on the wrong things and
oh god damn it oh i think i could have
gotten those life cards 255 for blue
this is a bit messy in cash for white
kevin oh red kevin was hiding some cash
too actually wait hold on a second oh my
god this was actually really close 900
and oh wait there's more there jesus
christ 950k
okay i just lost to me or sorry i just
beat me
950 but now the life cards come into
play so let's see what white kevin
accomplished with his life invented a
new ice cream flavor
the solution to pollution
run world record mile open a health food
chain and family horse wins derby which
is a grand total of 600 blue kevin what
did you get up to with your life you won
a dance contest you discovered a new
planet a pulitzer prize invented a new
sport
lifetime achievement award not surprised
to be honest build a better mouse trap
and find new energy source feck in hell
you were up to a lot so that's 6.50
added on it's blue kevin has come last
regardless of what has happened now red
kevin what did you get up to swim the
english channel you became president you
designed a new computer got a nobel
peace prize composed a symphony painted
a masterpiece a toy invention sells big
you cured the common cold humanitarian
award and you climbed mount everest okay
i am amazing
and i've read all those it's like i was
read kevin all along
1.45 million in cards which brings
my total to 2.4 million i've won i've
done it i've won but i also lost twice
so i don't know how to feel about them
and of course the winner deserves a
prize so i award me the winner a prize
goat with my face on it ah wow
all right well that was fun i mean i
guess this is going to be fun when you
come out a winner but i'm also you know
the double loser like i said i don't
know i've mixed feelings on this but i
had a good time a very strange
experience but i thought this was fun so
let me know what you thought of it i
think i'm going mad
but i hope you enjoyed that's the main
thing i hope you're staying safe and
yeah thanks very much for watching i
really appreciate it and i hope to see
you next time bye for now